Interview Transcript
===================

00:00 | Daniel Kraft
Pan. Go for it.

00:00 | Demetri Panagiotopoulos
Alright. So, Daniel, what makes you think that you would be a good fit for the AE role?

00:07 | Daniel Kraft
Yeah. I think I'd be a really good fit for the AE role because I've had over a year and a half, experience as a BDR currently. I know a lot about the full sales cycle jobs, and, I've done a lot of outbound sales too, which means I'm really good at prospecting, gotten really in-depth with some clients, build up good rapport and good relationships, and I'm able to utilize a bunch of different tools in the tech stack like SalesLoft, Salesforce CRMs, NUCs, and auto dialers. So I feel like I'd be really confident in both reaching out to prospects as well as hopping on discovery calls and demos and running them and ultimately closing business for this organization.

00:49 | Demetri Panagiotopoulos
Okay. That's a that's a good answer. I like that. But if I were to ask you about your knowledge on quantum mechanics, what would you say? What is your knowledge on quantum mechanics?

01:02 | Daniel Kraft
Yeah. Quantum mechanics is a field that I have done a little bit of research on. I know that it has a lot to do with science and, in general, people working with new upcoming discoveries that they're trying to make. Yeah. In general, I'm I'm not totally, in-depth and familiar with the field, but I'm confident that I could probably get to know what's needed in quantum in the field of quantum mechanics.

01:42 | Demetri Panagiotopoulos
Okay. So you've talked a little bit about, you know, why you'd be good for the e roll. You've talked a little about science and quantum mechanics. Let's tie the two together since, you know, selling tech is such a big thing today. What is your knowledge on the computer chip business?

01:59 | Daniel Kraft
Yeah. I know that the computer chip business has recently hit a huge surge. I know that, like, with companies like NVIDIA and various semiconductors have become super popular as of late. So I know it's definitely, like, an important field to have knowledge in, and I feel like I've done a lot of great research on understanding how these companies work. In terms of, like, the actual technicalities of it, you know, I know a lot of computer systems are running on these applications and with these technologies. But in terms of, like, IT, I'm not, like, totally sure, if I'm super confident in, like, understanding, like, what goes into, like, making the chips or or what what they're built on and whatnot.

02:46 | Demetri Panagiotopoulos
Fair enough. Appreciate the honesty, and I appreciate the insight you gave today. And, you know, going forward, we are gonna touch base, and we'll probably get back to you in, I'd say, a week to two.

03:00 | Daniel Kraft
Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate your time, on the interview today. I'm really looking forward to hearing, what you guys have to say and, yeah, looking forward at the opportunity of working for your company. Alright. Thanks.

03:12 | Demetri Panagiotopoulos
Alright, Daniel. Take care.

Assume we just end the meeting. I feel like you can clip it too, like, trim it. Gotcha.

03:48 | Daniel Kraft
K. Sounds good. See you.

